>> Erik Reinert: So, we talked about
these a little bit in the earlier slides.
But now we're gonna actually go
into deeper detail around the,
I like to call the main four principles
of architecture designs, which is,
modularity, scalability,
robustness, and flexibility.
Now, you have to think about
each of these individually,
you can't just kind of Kind of try and
lump everything into one.
You wanna be able to look at
your architecture and say, okay,
is it modular enough?
Am I reusing things in the right place?
Are things coupled the right way?
For scalability, you wanna be
able to understand things like,
how much traffic are we gonna have so
forth and so on.
Robustness, is the system dependable?
Right, are we dealing
with problems every day?
If you build an architecture and
you're dealing problems every day,
it might not be very robust
as well as flexibility,
being able to support future changes and
things like that.
So, let's get into modularity first,
right?
Each component of the system
should have a specific task.
This is probably the easiest way
I can describe modularity for
a backend architecture.
Maybe you only have one component,
that's fine,
as long as it solves the one
specific task that you need it to.
We're not saying that again,
this has to be a crazy
distributed platform, it's just,
you have to be able to say this component
does this, and why does it do this.
And that will help you a lot with your
argument, communication, learning,
and hopefully it'll get to a point where
it becomes easier to understand and
people can say, okay, well,
this component's over here.
Okay, this component's over here.
I could just use this.
And hopefully, you'll have good
naming conventions around it.
For example, I do know some companies name
their internal services all sorts of crazy
things.
I would shy away from that,
I know it can be fun to call your
system Pokemon names or
something, I don't know.
But realistically, if they don't
understand what the modules are,
it's a lot harder to build on top of them,
there's more communication needed.
We call that friction basically,
there's more friction added.
Scalability, so the system should be
designed to handle growth of traffic,
right?
So after we talk about modularity,
we wanna be able to scale those
modules individually, right?
Is there a certain part of your system
that takes more traffic than other?
A good example of that is I'm currently
working on building a content
creator tools platform, and one of
the things that we do is that we process
chat messages from Twitch and
other streaming platforms.
And for every single message
that comes into our system,
there may be three or four or
five other calls lower down in the system
that you need to be able to consider.
And that's a big part of it, is making
sure that you don't have any Bottlenecks,
anything that will potentially
impact system performance, and
things of that nature.
You wanna be able to make sure that every
module or every component can scale,
basically.
>> Erik Reinert: Robustness, again, as I
said before, the system should be able to
handle unexpected situations or
errors or things like that.
And I think actually this is a really
big thing that a lot of people fail at.
And the reason why I say that is because,
more often than not,
I noticed a lot of companies do not
spend time in proper error handling.
Like, how many of you at companies
today have errors that you have no
idea what they are or what they do, right?
What is this error code?
Why did it give me a 404?
I didn't expect a 404, right?
What is Unknown Error, [LAUGH] right?
Like, that's not robust, that doesn't
help you scale a system, right?
So it is a really good consideration
to think about, when you connect two
different components together,
how's it gonna handle errors, right?
How's it gonna receive those errors?
How's it gonna respond to those errors?
Another big thing that I see
a lot is the code itself
doesn't know how to handle
the specific message and
then it just crashes, right?
Being able to think about that,
think about what could potentially break
in your architectures is really important.
And I would recommend,
especially around error handling and
things like that,
build your own language, right?
Frontend users don't care
about your error codes,
you don't need to show those
in the frontend, right?
But if you can show better
errors to your systems so
that they can react accordingly, that just
makes it easier for those systems to heal
themselves or be able to continue
with whatever they're trying to do.
>> Erik Reinert: And this one, now,
this one is very challenging, flexibility,
right?
I deal with this a lot and
I definitely don't think there's
a perfect science to this either.
What does flexibility mean?
It really means that the system should
be designed to accommodate changes or
future features, right?
This kinda depends on how much your
company wants to invest into this, right?
But the main goal here, and I think
a lot of us have dealt with this too,
is you don't wanna be in a scenario
where you have to take one step or
two steps back to take one step forward.
And I've worked with this a lot in
the past, where I've gone to a specific
system and then I've been like,
okay, we wanna change this.
And they're like, well, to do that,
we gotta refactor this and then move
this around and move that around, and
that really isn't a flexible system.
That means that that system was
potentially designed to solve one problem,
one problem only, but
it wasn't considering the potential
changes of the architecture.
Again, maybe one system doesn't have
the error handling of another system,
and things like that, yeah.
>> Speaker 2: Someone online said every
mistake that you've mentioned so far,
there's a company that
this person worked at.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Basically,
that's why they quit,
was cuz of all of this.
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And then Amber was asking
about, so you mean loggers, like,
showing better errors in the system?
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah,
well, it can literally be,
having responses come back in a structured
format of your choosing, right?
I've worked at companies and
I actually like this approach,
where they create their own error codes,
right?
Where you sure you have response
codes of 200, 300, 400, whatever,
but then you can create like enums
that are in like a shared library.
And then all of your systems
use those shared enums, right?
And then, instead of having like,
okay, how many of you guys have
had to do a contains error message to
be able to respond to something, right?
That's not a good approach.
If that changes in the future,
then you have to now go back and
update all your contains in
your functional logic, right?
A much better system would be
to design your own, again,
language around your errors.
It can be error codes of your own, for
example, I'm sure a lot of us have either
played a video game or been on a website
and it's like, error code 1064.
Well, that doesn't mean anything to
anything but the company, right?
But at the same time,
the company can immediately
understand the problem all the way
down to customer support, right?
Think about that, right?
Say you have a really weird
error pop up in a frontend and
somebody has to call in and
solve or wanna know like,
why am I just getting this
weird internal server error?
But if the customer support can say,
well, what's the code?
They can immediately look that up and
be able to trace that error
a lot quicker for you.
And so, anything like that,
even logging as well, right,
having good logs,
don't log everything, right?
A big thing that I see a lot as well at
companies is they log everything, and
then they wonder why their
cloud costs are so high.
[LAUGH] You're logging everything, right?
Having really good structured logging,
only logging when you need to, right?
Sometimes you don't need all of those
logs, so don't worry about them.
So yeah, again, flexibility is really
important with regards to all these
things, because if you're building a
flexible architecture, you may have other
principles that already exist that
even make it more flexible, right?
Think about it like this, think about
having 50 services and then having asked
yourself the question, how do we handle
errors for all these services, right?
If you have one standard library that does
all that for you, then you can easily have
everything in that standard library,
all the services can use that library.
And now you're structured, you don't
have to worry so much about, well,
what happens if we add
a new error in the future?
How do we handle that, right?
All those standardizations have
already kind of been put in place, and
it can help a lot with the flexibility
of newer systems as well.